Help removal (#2148)
openmicroscopy/ome-documentation: omero/sysadmins/cli/usergroup.rst

For managing the permissions of restricted administrators,
:doc:`OMERO.cli does provide means <light-admins>` but that functionality
is not yet offered in a friendly manner by the :program:`omero user` command.

> The :help:`OMERO.web Admin interface <example_facility_manager.html>` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :help:`Group and Users Management Guide <introduction/docs/group-user-management.html>` is
```

> The :guide:`Group and Users Management Guide <introduction/docs/group-user-management.html>` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of OMERO.web as described in :guide:`Administrate Groups and Users Guide <introduction/docs/group-user-management.html>` is
```
